Checks the style of elements in annotations.

Annotations have three element styles starting with the least verbose.

- `ElementStyleOption.COMPACT_NO_ARRAY`
- `ElementStyleOption.COMPACT`
- `ElementStyleOption.EXPANDED`

To not enforce an element style a `ElementStyleOption.IGNORE` type is
provided. The desired style can be set through the `elementStyle`
property.

Using the `ElementStyleOption.EXPANDED` style is more verbose. The
expanded version is sometimes referred to as "named parameters" in other
languages.

Using the `ElementStyleOption.COMPACT` style is less verbose. This style
can only be used when there is an element called 'value' which is either
the sole element or all other elements have default values.

Using the `ElementStyleOption.COMPACT_NO_ARRAY` style is less verbose.
It is similar to the `ElementStyleOption.COMPACT` style but single value
arrays are flagged. With annotations a single value array does not need
to be placed in an array initializer.

The ending parenthesis are optional when using annotations with no
elements. To always require ending parenthesis use the
`ClosingParensOption.ALWAYS` type. To never have ending parenthesis use
the `ClosingParensOption.NEVER` type. To not enforce a closing
parenthesis preference a `ClosingParensOption.IGNORE` type is provided.
Set this through the `closingParens` property.

Annotations also allow you to specify arrays of elements in a standard
format. As with normal arrays, a trailing comma is optional. To always
require a trailing comma use the `TrailingArrayCommaOption.ALWAYS` type.
To never have a trailing comma use the `TrailingArrayCommaOption.NEVER`
type. To not enforce a trailing array comma preference a
`TrailingArrayCommaOption.IGNORE` type is provided. Set this through the
`trailingArrayComma` property.

By default, the `ElementStyleOption` is set to `COMPACT_NO_ARRAY`, the
`TrailingArrayCommaOption` is set to `NEVER`, and the
`ClosingParensOption` is set to `NEVER`.

According to the JLS, it is legal to include a trailing comma in arrays
used in annotations but Sun's Java 5 & 6 compilers will not compile with
this syntax. This may in be a bug in Sun's compilers since eclipse 3.4's
built-in compiler does allow this syntax as defined in the JLS. Note:
this was tested with compilers included with JDK versions 1.5.0.17 and
1.6.0.11 and the compiler included with eclipse 3.4.1.

See [Java Language specification,
ยง9.7](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/specs/jls/se11/html/jls-9.html#jls-9.7).
